okay what we have here is a mm Aqualung
legend at Lex regulator shop and a you
attack to gauge just pressure and depth
gauge a little temperature gauge there
the first stage is an automatic closure
device meaning that if you take it away
from your air source you don't have to
really put the dust cover in because it
won't open up so you don't need to have
you don't need to have a you need to
have like a 15 or 20 dollar repair to
fix your first stage from all the water
they got in there so that's a puppy oh
yeah looking at that's the auto closure
device see if we can focus it and that
won't open up at all but if you push
down on it I don't think I can take my
fingers and you can budget a little bit
but the tank puts on here and it closes
it and I don't our excuse me and opens
it up and that's how it gets in but I
always get this dust cover on just
because it's good habit to get into
okay now I sold my low-pressure inflator
tube and I don't have the cover for it
so that's open and I figured if you buy
this you're gonna have a low-pressure
inflate or tube anyway so not a big deal
it's only been like that for like a week
okay this is the second stage no there's
been some concern of whether these are
the LX or the regular model this is
definitely the Alex because here's the
air selector switch will clearly see
that yeah Oh almost clearly the legend
okay and this is actually a legend
Alex supreme designated by that little H
tin icicle there or snowflake be
wonderful would focus so and this also
has a little selector valve there's
really no difference between the Alex
supreme and the Alex Wow unless they're
new and since they're used it's really
no big deal it's just kind of cool this
is just a pressure an up GAID the last
time I tested it was two weeks ago
somebody brought over a tank and I got a
chance to see if everything worked
that's pretty much it hoses are in good
condition no phrase bubbles or cuts so
that's good and that's my rig it's
available for $300 before I put it up on
eBay thank you